








Troy is a name usually associated with people who 
have very determined personalities and tend to enjoy 
quality time with few people rather than with a large groups. 
Troy's usually are extremely easy to get along with.

Luise is a name usually associated with people who 
are very good at expressing themselves and are capable of 
leaving things unsaid. Luise's usually are able to bring 
peace into other peoples lives.

Aaron is a name usually associated with people who are 
typically not interested in being normal and do not 
actively seek attention from others. Aaron's usually 
find great joy in small things.






SELECT name 
FROM Names 
WHERE gender='M' 
AND country='NA' 
AND attributes='DEG';


Dustin is a name usually associated with people who have 
a very logical response to the world around them and make 
great partners and long lasting friends. Dustin's usually 
are the first person to try something others are scared to try.

Larry is a name usually associated with people who are 
able to communicate very well with the people around them, 
which usually brings them success in their career and do not 
reveal their best qualities when they first meet new people. 
Larry's usually love to try new things.

Theodore is a name usually associated with people who are 
quick thinkers and are very busy thinkers. Theodore's usually 
are great entrepreneuers which bring great 
change to the people around them.







create_bio(['Donald Don', 'Larry', 'Theodore'], 'DEG')


Donald is a name usually associated with people who are able to 
communicate very well with the people around them, which usually 
brings them success in their career and do not reveal their best 
qualities when they first meet new people. Donald's usually are 
great entrepreneuers which bring great change to the people 
around them. Donald is usually shorted to Don by friends and family.

Larry is a name usually associated with people who are quick 
thinkers and are very busy thinkers. Larry's usually are the 
first person to try something others are scared to try.

Theodore is a name usually associated with people who have a 
very logical response to the world around them and make great 
partners and long lasting friends. Theodore's usually 
love to try new things.










